[Intro]
Hello, my name is Kyle Ellis. I'm a third year graphic design student at Algonquin College, and today you're going to follow along to get to know me!
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
The reason why I chose the graphic design program was because I was a special high-skills major in high school, specializing in information communication technology.
As a photography student, I decided I wanted to leverage up as an artist so I chose graphic design at Algonquin College.
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or Hex?]
My favourite hex code colour would definitely have to be #0070BA. Take a look.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
So, my favourite class in the graphic design program would be graphic design with Angie, or computer graphics with Anish.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite Adobe application would definitely have to be Photoshop given my photography background.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
So, my favourite activities and hobbies to do outside of the graphic design program definitely entail
photography, swimming, kayaking, dancing, listening to music, and bartending.
Thanks for watching this video. This is Kyle, have a wonderful day!
[Outro]